# Unit 4 Chapter 1 Question 3 - Car Dealership
You work at Carl's Cars and Co., a car dealership specializing in buying and selling used cars. The business is struggling to log all of their cars to market to customers. You must help the business create a program to keep track of the cars in their inventory.

The dealership currently has an `S14`, `240z`, `R33`, and a `350z`. The program must keep track of inventory. There must be options to add, remove, or print the list of cars, along with a killswitch to end the program.

## Input Specification
The first line of the input will either be `add`, `remove`, `print` or a blank line.
If the first line is `add`, then the second line of the input will be the name of the car to add to the database.
If the first line is `remove`, then the second line of the input will be the name of the car to remove from the database. You will assume that all items entered here are in the database.
If the first line is `print`, then the program will print out all cars currently being sold, each on a separate line.
The program should end if the first input entered is blank.

## Output Specification
The only output the program should return is when the user enters `print` on the first line, to which the program will respond by printing out every car currently in the system, each on a seperate line.

## Sample Input
```
add
Model A
print
remove
S14
remove
240z
print

```

## Sample Output for Sample Input
```
S14
240z
R33
350z
Model A
R33
350z
Model A
```

## Explanation for Sample Output for Sample Input
The first 5 lines are from the first print query, where the dealership has 4 cars in the system already and you add the `Model A` to it.
The next 3 lines are from the second print query, where the user removed the `S14` and `240z`